Update EIP-5005: Move status to "Review" (#5239)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-5005.md

---
eip: 5005
title: Zodiac Modular Accounts

> description: A composable design philosophy for programmable accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Composable interoperable programmable accounts
```

---

## Abstract

> ERC-5005 (Zodiac Modular Accounts) is an open standard for composable and interoperable tooling for programmable Ethereum accounts. Compatible tooling separates the account taking actions/holding tokens (known as the "avatar") and the authorization logic into two (or more) separate contracts. This standard defines the `IAvatar` interface, to be implemented by avatar contracts, while the authorization logic can be implemented with any combination of other tools (for example, DAO tools and frameworks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This EIP (Zodiac Modular Accounts) is an open standard for composable and interoperable tooling for programmable Ethereum accounts. Compatible tooling separates the account taking actions/holding tokens (known as the "avatar") and the authorization logic into two (or more) separate contracts. This standard defines the `IAvatar` interface, to be implemented by avatar contracts, while the authorization logic can be implemented with any combination of other tools (for example, DAO tools and frameworks).
```

Author: The "commit suggestion" button on GitHub didn't work, so I just pushed the changes.
